well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again tonight we're gonna talk about the
America I remember it's a phrase we're
hearing a lot from people my age and
older this isn't the America I remember
I don't recognize America anymore not
hearing it from people younger than me I
think I figured out why people my age
and older we still got a little bit of
that cold war propaganda you know leader
of the free world versus the evil empire
the rigs guys we are the good guys we
learned our history in schools learned
about how great we were in those
textbooks those big thick text books
they didn't get that didn't get that
propaganda would they grow up with
finding out that they'd been lied to
about Iraq watching their friends die
and they didn't learn history not the
way we did they didn't get it from a
thick government-approved textbook
sanitized version they got it from the
internet raw that's why when we say you
know I don't recognize America I can't
believe we're taking kids from families
and they show up really because here's a
picture of us doing it to natives here's
a picture of us do it at slaves no this
is as American as apple pie and it's a
shock it is a shock
you know we wouldn't have concentration
camps I can't believe this here the
Japanese internment camps here's what we
did to the natives yeah
they didn't grow up with the presumption
that the United States was the good guy
that's the difference the
government-issued textbook wasn't as
important they had freer access to
information they could get to the raw
unfiltered truth but see the interesting
part about it is they still want the
promise they still want the promise they
want the huddled masses yearning to
breathe free they want all men created
equal they still want this and what we
have to decide on what's going to be
decided over the next few years is are
we gonna have in the future we're gonna
have the America they know the raw
unfiltered true history or are we gonna
have that sanitized version are we gonna
have that ideal because we can have it
we can be the good guys because we've
got a crop that isn't falling from there
make America great again when they hear
that they're like when when exactly are
you talking about right now it's real
hard to give them an answer but we could
do it we can become the world's EMT
instead of the world's policeman
we can actually help people achieve
freedom rather than saying we're
spreading democracy but really just
keeping them under the thumbs of our
large companies we can actually have the
American Dream because they got the
truth we know where we're going wrong
you don't hear them say go back to where
you came from
not in any large numbers you really
don't the funny thing was that when
Trump got elected you know you have to
get to age 50 or older before he gets a
majority of the votes when you break it
up by age they got to be 50 or older
before he gets a majority but low that
he didn't have won because they didn't
fall for it
the older crowd my age and older not all
but a lot look down on these kids you
got that all messed up they are the ones
that are going to make America great for
the first time they understand that
beyond America's borders do not live a
less your people because they've
interacted with them that instant
communication the internet changed
everything and we're still coming to
terms with it
the biggest impact it may have is the
fact that Americans are no longer
subject to learning their history the
real government approves textbook that
is sanitized that has all of the bad
stuff taken out just enough left in to
make you think that it's truly objective
because that's what we got that's what
we got and that's not something unique
to the United States one of my most
prized possessions is a collection of
history books from all over the world
it's amazing the variations on events
every country does it every government
does it but they can't do it anymore
because those primary sources are out
there and they're taking advantage over
they know more about what happened in
this country then most of the people who
were alive when it happens because
they're processing that information and
we make fun of them because they always
have their phone in their hand
hey y'all keep your phone in your hand
I'll keep your phone in your hand it's
doing you a lot of good the future of
this country rests in those kids and
what they decide to do those kids
they're not kids be younger generations
what they decide to do over the next few
years
determines everything on a scale that
I'm not sure that even they get I don't
think they understand but America will
stand or fall based on the actions of
these generations that a lot of us are
making fun of the good news is it looks
like they've got it together they're not
gonna sell out their country for a red
hat and a stupid slogan anyway it's just
a thought you'll have a good night